ah Furious 7
[Applause]
people choice for favorite action movie
[Music]
[Applause]
first of all I want to say that I'm up
here accepting this on behalf of my
producing partner Neil and myself we
have the best cast in the world
everybody that comes to to be a part of
fast and furious wow there's a lot of
you here Universal has been so
supportive they asked me to be a
producer 10 years ago and they've
supported me all along as I kind of
crazily told them we could get to size
10 with our cast and with a true story
and with integrity and with a
multicultural theme and a multicultural
family
[Applause]
you know as I was coming over here I
always do as I say I'm not going to I'm
not going to get emotional about you
know winning these awards and I was cool
while I was sitting in my seat and then
they handed me two Awards one for
favorite action movie and one for
favorite film you all thought that this
was your favorite film
so I think of DOM and Brian and I start
to think of Paul
they said to make this short and sweet
so I will try to make this short and
sweet it was a labor of love my only
message to you is you'd be amazed what
you can do with love you'd be it may top
powerful of force that is well we didn't
want to come back to filming when the
tragedy was too heavy it was the love of
everyone combined that saw through to
the end and now I'm standing here with
all of you telling me this was your
favorite film of the year
I I want to thank the people Choice
Awards it's it's real people that are
voting for these awards there's no cat
exist oh it's just pure fans saying how
much they appreciate our work and that
means the world to me and I thank you so
much and the only thing I could say now
is it's been a long day without you my
friend and I'll tell you all about it
when I see you again come along
[Music]